Well, we're back with Channing
Tatum and LeBron James,
and here's what
we're going to do.
Because LeBron just
opened up a school
called I Promise in Akron,
Ohio, and we're partnering
with Walmart this season.
They have a program called
Associate Education, which
allows their employees to not
only get their college degrees,
but Walmart actually
pays for it.
And they'd like to give
your school some money,
but you're going
to have to earn it.
And you have a
Facebook show where
you dare celebrities
to do things,
and you raise money
for charities.
So we're going to do
some dares, and Walmart
is going to donate $10,000 for
each dare that you actually
complete.
All right.
OK, so.
[APPLAUSE]
Ha!
It's always something.
Always.
Always something.
Always, always.
Always something here.
To the blue dots we go.
Step on your little blue dots.
I'm going to start with LeBron.
LeBron, I would like you
to drink a shot of tequila
with no hands.
For-- for-- for $10,000?
Yeah, come back here.
We're going to--
Ugh.
No hands.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
OK, you-- you-- I
mean, you said a shot.
This is a--
That's a shot.
OK--
You're a big man.
Big-- everything's bigger.
[LAUGHTER]
I got it, with no hands.
No hands.
Do it, do it.
Aah--
[CHEERING]
Hoo!
Yeah.
That was real.
(CHOKING) Yeah, that's real.
Oh, man.
I can smell it.
It was real.
Wow.
Channing, I want you to
do your best sexy crawl.
[APPLAUSE]
These kids better
use this money, man.
[LAUGHTER]
The kids all over the
place don't get smarter
from this-- ugh.
Like, don't go on
the Ellen Show.
[CHEERING]
Now why didn't I get this?
[LAUGHTER]
All right.
You're going to
put on a blindfold,
and you're going to
lick a mystery item
let me know what it is.
Ooh.
Come on over here LeBron.
Uh, this-- this-- this--
don't do this one.
Hold on, Zener, hold on.
Let him put it on.
All right, bring it out.
All right, and you're going
to let me know what it is.
[CHUCKLING]
No.
Oh my gosh.
She just gave me the evil laugh.
Uh-uh.
All right.
Bl-- [INAUDIBLE]
[LAUGHTER]
What is that?
It's like-- it's like kiwi.
It is!
It's a kiwi!
[APPLAUSE]
How did you know that?
Wow!
You've licked a kiwi before.
Well, I thought--
no, I-- no, listen,
the first thing that came to
mind, I thought it was a ass.
[LAUGHTER]
And I was like, Ellen
wouldn't do that to me,
so I thought [INAUDIBLE] kiwi.
No.
[LAUGHTER]
Also-- also, Channing would have
had to be standing on the table
for you to lick his ass.
Oh my goodness.
So we're going to
do one more later.
If you needed something
that-- to cleanse the palate.
All right.
So far we have raised $30,000
for LeBron's new school--
[APPLAUSE]
--which is-- So two more dares.
So that would bring it
up to $50,000, which
would be wonderful, and,
uh, but you'd have to do it,
you'd have to earn it.
So LeBron, what you will
do-- do you like ice cream?
I do.
I love ice cream.
Oh good.
Who doesn't?
Good.
Do you like hot sauce?
Um-- I love hot sauce.
OK.
Well then you're going
to get double pleasure.
You're going to eat ice
cream with hot sauce on it.
Oh my--
I believe it's Tabasco and
some vanilla ice cream,
which is a neutral flavor.
Listen kids back home.
LeBron loves you.
[LAUGHTER]
Can you remove that lid?
Yes, I will.
I really do.
I really do love you guys.
Yup.
Oh.
That's the combination?
Yup.
I got to eat all of this?
No, no.
Just-- just like nine bites.
[LAUGHTER]
Ewww.
How's that?
Is it as good as it looks?
It's wonderful.
[LAUGHTER]
Yeah.
I feel like--
All right, that's enough.
You did two big ones.
[APPLAUSE]
Well done.
You can keep going.
You can going so I can
procrastinate on my own
a little bit more.
All right, so that's
another 10-- that's $40,000.
I like.
So it's up to Channing.
[APPLAUSE]
OK.
For you, this will
be really fun.
You're going to put peanut
butter on your nose,
and you're going to try to
lick it off of your nose.
[LAUGHTER]
Uh, OK
Put it on your nose.
A whole lot of it.
OK.
All right.
That's good, that's good.
Yeah.
That's too much.
All right.
[LAUGHTER]
I can't--
Come on, you can do it.
The kids are counting on you.
I can't get it.
[LAUGHTER]
I got it, I got it, I got
it, I got it, I got it.
[APPLAUSE]
All right.
What we're going to
do-- that was $50,000.
We want to round it up.
Walmart is going to
round it up to $100,000.
[APPLAUSE]
The LeBron James
Family Foundation
benefiting the I Promise School.
Small [INAUDIBLE] September 28.
Hi, I'm Andy.
Ellen asked me to remind you
to subscribe to her channel
so you can see more
awesome videos.
Like videos of me getting scared
or saying embarrassing things
like "ball peen hammer."
And also some videos of
Ellen and other celebrities.
If you're into
that sort of thing.
[SCREAM]
[BLEEP] God!
[BLEEP]